Add "about" page content (#1476)
matrix-org/matrix.org: content/about/index.md

+++
title = "About Matrix"
+++

## Governance

The evolution of Matrix is managed through an open governance process, looked
after by The Matrix.org Foundation - ‡ non-profit UK Community Interest
Company, incorporated to act as the neutral guardian of the standard on behalf
of the whole Matrix community.

The Foundation defines the manifesto, mission and values of the project, the
open governance process that determines how the specification develops, and
provides a safety-net to ensure the project stays independent and true to its
goals. The constitution of the project is defined in the Foundation’s legal
Articles of Association and Rules, and is enforced by the Guardians of Matrix:
the directors of the Foundation appointed to provide a balance of independent
experts and the founding Matrix team to ensure the project stays on track.

### The Guardians

The Guardians are the legal directors of the non-profit Foundation, and are
responsible for ensuring that the Foundation (and by extension the Spec Core
Team) keeps on mission and neutrally protects the development of Matrix.
Guardians are typically independent of the commercial Matrix ecosystem and may

> even not be members of today’s Matrix community, but are deeply aligned with

Reviewer: Should we use regular ASCII symbols for this kind of thing?

```suggestion
even not be members of today's Matrix community, but are deeply aligned with
```

the mission of the project. Guardians are selected to be respected and trusted
by the wider community to uphold the guiding principles of the Foundation and
keep the other Guardians honest.

In alphabetical order:
{{ guardians() }}

### Legal Details

* The Matrix.org Foundation C.I.C is registered in the UK as Company 
  [#11648710](https://beta.companieshouse.gov.uk/company/11648710)
* The official articles of association of the Foundation may be
  downloaded [here](/media/2019-06-10%20-%20Matrix.org%20Foundation%20CIC%20Articles%20of%20Association.pdf)
* The official Rules for the Foundation may be downloaded [here](/media/2019-06-10%20-%20Matrix.org%20Foundation%20CIC%20Rules.pdf)

> 

Reviewer: We don't have double empty lines before other headings.

```suggestion
```

Reviewer 2: (This probably is a leftover from gatsby. There all the mdx files have this too which is a little annoying :D)
